# WandXOptions-Dapp
Dapp for Put options on ERC20 Tokens

## Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites
What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
1. Node js
2. Node Package Manager
3. Angular v2 or above
4. Mongo DB to run the local database
```

### Installing

A step by step series on how to get the development env running

> Setting Up the Backend Environment

1. Download this github project.
2. Open WandXOptionsDapp
3. Run the below commands in the Command Window by moving to the exact location where the project is inside the terminal.
```
> npm install
> npm install -g nodemon
```

> Setting Up the Angular Environment

1. Now open the Angular folder (here it is app folder) inside the terminal in another command prompt
2. Run the below commands in the terminal
```
> npm install
> npm install @angular/cli
> ng serve
```

> Setting up the MongoDB Local evnironemtn

1. Please refer to the video links attached to setup Mongo, Express, Node, Angular

### Video Links to setup the environment 

* [MEAN](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtIvu085uU0&t=2547s) - Mongo, Express, Angular, Node. This video will explain you how to setup the mongo environment and the rest of the environment also.

# Development
## WandXOptions-Dapp Front End Deployment over dev environment
* cd app/
* npm install (Have to do one time only, when setting up the project)
* cd node_modules/wandx-options
* npm install (Have to do one time only, when setting up the project)
* npm run ganache-cli
	--> this will keep in running in background. Open a seperate terminal for rest of the commands
	--> import private key of 2nd address generated by ganache into metamask
	-->  confirm that metamask is connected to localhost
* npm run compile-dummytoken
* npm run migrate-dev
* Manual step, this will be changed in compile-dummytoken script in next update
Open app/node_modules/wandx_options/build folder, open file dummyTokenBaseInfo.json.
Replace address in the file with {"address":"<address string>"}
example, original file data -> 0xf322BE32FEb8ac0Bd75216BcB8d07214251C4376
new file data -> {"address":"0xf322BE32FEb8ac0Bd75216BcB8d07214251C4376"}
Repeat the same for dummyTokenQuoteInfo.json file
* cd ../..   (this should take you back into app folder, if not, adjust path accordingly so that you end up in app folder)
* ng serve
	
# User Perspective
## WandxOptions-Dapp Use
To use this app you need to connect and login to metamask first. 
There are 4 categories here.
1st: Create Options
	This section would create Options but to create option you would need faucets first that would be available in Facet 	     Lists(Section 4th).
	## To create options you need to follow 3 steps 
	# Step 1/3, you would need base token, qoute token, expiry date (min date is tomorrow) of that option and Allowance 	      (Min limit is 100).
	# Step 2/3, You need to tell the Assets offered, Premium of it and block Number(it will be 100 more than your block 	      number) that option.
	# Step 3/3 confirmation and detail of your inputs
2nd: User profile
	Just update your profile and basic information (Like Name, Email ETC).
3rd: Active Options
	Here you can see the list of your Active/Yours/expired options you can buy or sell some if you want.
4th: Faucet Lists
	as mentioned before you can buy faucets for any token here that would be needed in making Options.